### Week1

We formed a group in the first tut and our group members suggested a custom project about parts ordering system.
We then created a slack channel to communicate and set up jira to collaborate.
We had a first group meeting on teams over the weekends.



### Week2

We agreed on choosing the default recipe project as a backup in the Monday meeting.
In this week's tut, We came up a new project called DinnerParty based on the default recipe project and had a wonderful discussion about DinnerParty. At the end of this week's tut, everyone joined the GitHub classroom.



### Week3

Scheduled meetings on Monday and Thursday and started a draft of db ER diagram in the tut.
We brainstormed user stories and epics in week3's meeting and design the storyboard on Saturday.


### Week4

Our group discussed the tech stack and set up the environment for both frontend and the backend application. We created a database in MongoDB Atlas for development, then we tried to connect the database to our application. It tooks a few days to make the connection success because we installed wrong version of python packages in the virtual environment. 

### Week5

Learning the django framework and started the backend work for sprint1.

### Week6

Implemented and tested code for recipes and we have a short sprint2 to fix the bugs in sprint1.

### Week7

Later this week, modified and updated the session backend, implemened the join session backend. Had a really productive Sunday.

### Week8
Fixed login/register/log-out/register from ghost user, spent the whole Sundy on the project.

### Week9
Done the assigned tasks for this sprint.
