- Week 1
  - Form team during lab session.
  - Brainstorm for project ideas, decide to do a BOM (bill of material) app based on 3 members' Sunswift experience, and a backup plan which is the default recipe project.
  - Decide communication method: Slack.
  - Github, Jira setup

- Week 2
  - Due to the generalisation problem of BOM, we continue to brainstorm project ideas. We decide to do *Dinner Party*, and formed the proposal.

- Week 3 
  - Brainstoreduser stories together.
  - Format and wrote the report together.
  - Assigned the story points and story priority.

- Week 4
  - Studied and set up Django for backend developers to use.
  - Built the basic django framework, built necessary django library, wrote backend README to guide developers and wrote backend shell to build and run backend.
  
- Week 5
   - Wrote backend endpoints for user register and user login.
   - Handover and taught basic Django backend framework to teammates to split backend tasks.
   - Solved the Python library compatible issues in Django.

- Week 6
  - Bugs fixing.
  - Implemented JWT authentications and made decorator functionw.

- Week 7
  - Pair programming to code backend for sprint 4.

- Week 8
  - Wrote backend functions for my assigned sprint 5 tasks.
  - Wrote non-personalised recommender systems in backend.

- Week 9
  - Implemented personalised collarbaritive filtering recommendation system.
  - Assisted backend bugs fixing, implemented email format checking and threading.
  - Backend testing.

- Week 10
  - Cleaned and revised backend code and style.
  - Report.
  - Plan final demo.
